---
layout: post
title: Aaand, Half Way
tagline: Day 25
---

Great day. I have return with full momentum to the card game application. I dug into that weird bug that popped up
yesterday, and determined that the computer was just possessed, and afraid of the number 7. It's pretty weird, if one
of my tests has been run more than 7 times, then one of the functions, which changes an attribute of four "cards", 
just decides to not alter one of the cards. In the past when I assume the computer has gone crazy it's just because I've
missed something and am being dumb, but this time ... my computer is definitely just messing with me. Anyway, today I
made some progress in the "make it work" field. I've written some (bad) code that lets me interact with a lot of my card
game functions I wrote. But basically, I can step through parts of a theoretical game and see what exactly is going on in
the background. Discovered a good amount of things that don't work as they should - a testament to how much I have to
learn about testing. All my tests passing should mean that the app works, but, nope. I've learned that I can't rely on
rails to list owned resources in the order they were assigned, and that I should be keeping track of things in a more
direct way (i.e. confidently point to exactly what I want instead of pointing to the third thing in a list I didn't
create and hoping what I want is actually third in the list). I opened up a Dale's Pale Ale and got to a pretty decent 
stopping point by the end of the day, realized that this internship is awesome, and am looking forward to a great weekend!